c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\bin\Debug\XSockets.GeoWorker.exe.config
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\bin\Debug\XSockets.GeoWorker.exe
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\bin\Debug\XSockets.GeoWorker.pdb
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\bin\Debug\Serilog.dll
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\bin\Debug\Serilog.FullNetFx.dll
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\bin\Debug\XSockets.Controllers.dll
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\bin\Debug\XSockets.Core.Common.dll
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\bin\Debug\XSockets.Core.Communication.dll
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\bin\Debug\XSockets.Core.dll
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\bin\Debug\XSockets.Enterprise.dll
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\bin\Debug\XSockets.Geo.dll
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\bin\Debug\XSockets.Logger.dll
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\bin\Debug\XSockets.Plugin.Framework.dll
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\bin\Debug\XSockets.Protocol.dll
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\bin\Debug\XSockets.Protocol.Http.dll
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\bin\Debug\XSockets.Protocol.Json.dll
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\bin\Debug\XSockets.Protocol.Putty.dll
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\bin\Debug\XSockets.Protocol.Rfc6455.dll
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\bin\Debug\XSockets.Protocol.Rfc6455Native.dll
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\bin\Debug\XSockets.Serialization.dll
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\bin\Debug\XSockets.Server.dll
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\bin\Debug\GeoAPI.dll
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\bin\Debug\XSockets.Geo.pdb
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\bin\Debug\Serilog.pdb
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\bin\Debug\Serilog.xml
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\bin\Debug\Serilog.FullNetFx.pdb
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\bin\Debug\Serilog.FullNetFx.xml
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\bin\Debug\GeoAPI.xml
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\obj\Debug\XSockets.GeoWorker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\obj\Debug\XSockets.GeoWorker.exe
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\obj\Debug\XSockets.GeoWorker.pdb
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\bin\Debug\NetTopologySuite.IO.GeoJSON.dll
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\bin\Debug\NetTopologySuite.dll
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\bin\Debug\NetTopologySuite.IO.GeoJSON.pdb
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\bin\Debug\NetTopologySuite.IO.GeoJSON.xml
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\bin\Debug\NetTopologySuite.pdb
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\bin\Debug\NetTopologySuite.xml
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\obj\Debug\XSockets.GeoWorker.csproj.XSockets.GeoWorker.exe.config
C:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.GeoWorker\bin\Debug\xsockets.license.x
