c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient\bin\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient.dll.config
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient\bin\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient.dll
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient\bin\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient.pdb
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient\obj\Debug\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient\obj\Debug\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient.dll
c:\Users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient\obj\Debug\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient.pdb
C:\Users\Uffe\Source\Repos\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient\bin\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient.dll.config
C:\Users\Uffe\Source\Repos\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient\bin\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient.dll
C:\Users\Uffe\Source\Repos\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient\bin\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient.pdb
C:\Users\Uffe\Source\Repos\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient\obj\Debug\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient.dll
C:\Users\Uffe\Source\Repos\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient\obj\Debug\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient.pdb
C:\Users\Uffe\Source\Repos\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient\obj\Debug\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\pfahlen\Documents\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient\bin\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient.dll.config
C:\Users\pfahlen\Documents\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient\bin\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient.dll
C:\Users\pfahlen\Documents\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient\bin\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient.pdb
C:\Users\pfahlen\Documents\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient\obj\Debug\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\pfahlen\Documents\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient\obj\Debug\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient.dll
C:\Users\pfahlen\Documents\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient\obj\Debug\XSockets.Geo.WebTestClient.pdb
