c:\users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Geo.dll
c:\users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Geo.pdb
c:\users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\GeoAPI.dll
c:\users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\NetTopologySuite.dll
c:\users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\NetTopologySuite.IO.GeoJSON.dll
c:\users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Core.Common.dll
c:\users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Core.dll
c:\users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Enterprise.dll
c:\users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Plugin.Framework.dll
c:\users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Protocol.dll
c:\users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Protocol.Http.dll
c:\users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Protocol.Json.dll
c:\users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Protocol.Putty.dll
c:\users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Protocol.Rfc6455.dll
c:\users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Protocol.Rfc6455Native.dll
c:\users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Serialization.dll
c:\users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\GeoAPI.xml
c:\users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\NetTopologySuite.pdb
c:\users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\NetTopologySuite.xml
c:\users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\NetTopologySuite.IO.GeoJSON.pdb
c:\users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\NetTopologySuite.IO.GeoJSON.xml
c:\users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\obj\Debug\XSockets.Geo.dll
c:\users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\obj\Debug\XSockets.Geo.pdb
c:\users\pfahlen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\obj\Debug\XSockets.Geo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Uffe\Source\Repos\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Geo.dll.config
C:\Users\Uffe\Source\Repos\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Geo.dll
C:\Users\Uffe\Source\Repos\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Geo.pdb
C:\Users\Uffe\Source\Repos\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\GeoAPI.dll
C:\Users\Uffe\Source\Repos\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\NetTopologySuite.dll
C:\Users\Uffe\Source\Repos\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\NetTopologySuite.IO.GeoJSON.dll
C:\Users\Uffe\Source\Repos\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Uffe\Source\Repos\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Core.Common.dll
C:\Users\Uffe\Source\Repos\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Core.dll
C:\Users\Uffe\Source\Repos\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Enterprise.dll
C:\Users\Uffe\Source\Repos\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Plugin.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Uffe\Source\Repos\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Protocol.dll
C:\Users\Uffe\Source\Repos\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Protocol.Http.dll
C:\Users\Uffe\Source\Repos\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Protocol.Json.dll
C:\Users\Uffe\Source\Repos\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Protocol.Putty.dll
C:\Users\Uffe\Source\Repos\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Protocol.Rfc6455.dll
C:\Users\Uffe\Source\Repos\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Protocol.Rfc6455Native.dll
C:\Users\Uffe\Source\Repos\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Serialization.dll
C:\Users\Uffe\Source\Repos\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\GeoAPI.xml
C:\Users\Uffe\Source\Repos\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\NetTopologySuite.pdb
C:\Users\Uffe\Source\Repos\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\NetTopologySuite.xml
C:\Users\Uffe\Source\Repos\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\NetTopologySuite.IO.GeoJSON.pdb
C:\Users\Uffe\Source\Repos\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\NetTopologySuite.IO.GeoJSON.xml
C:\Users\Uffe\Source\Repos\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Uffe\Source\Repos\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\obj\Debug\XSockets.Geo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Uffe\Source\Repos\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\obj\Debug\XSockets.Geo.dll
C:\Users\Uffe\Source\Repos\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\obj\Debug\XSockets.Geo.pdb
C:\Users\pfahlen\Documents\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Geo.dll.config
C:\Users\pfahlen\Documents\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Geo.dll
C:\Users\pfahlen\Documents\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Geo.pdb
C:\Users\pfahlen\Documents\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\GeoAPI.dll
C:\Users\pfahlen\Documents\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\NetTopologySuite.dll
C:\Users\pfahlen\Documents\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\NetTopologySuite.IO.GeoJSON.dll
C:\Users\pfahlen\Documents\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\pfahlen\Documents\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Core.Common.dll
C:\Users\pfahlen\Documents\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Core.dll
C:\Users\pfahlen\Documents\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Enterprise.dll
C:\Users\pfahlen\Documents\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Plugin.Framework.dll
C:\Users\pfahlen\Documents\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Protocol.dll
C:\Users\pfahlen\Documents\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Protocol.Http.dll
C:\Users\pfahlen\Documents\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Protocol.Json.dll
C:\Users\pfahlen\Documents\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Protocol.Putty.dll
C:\Users\pfahlen\Documents\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Protocol.Rfc6455.dll
C:\Users\pfahlen\Documents\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Protocol.Rfc6455Native.dll
C:\Users\pfahlen\Documents\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\XSockets.Serialization.dll
C:\Users\pfahlen\Documents\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\GeoAPI.xml
C:\Users\pfahlen\Documents\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\NetTopologySuite.pdb
C:\Users\pfahlen\Documents\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\NetTopologySuite.xml
C:\Users\pfahlen\Documents\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\NetTopologySuite.IO.GeoJSON.pdb
C:\Users\pfahlen\Documents\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\NetTopologySuite.IO.GeoJSON.xml
C:\Users\pfahlen\Documents\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\pfahlen\Documents\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\obj\Debug\XSockets.Geo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\pfahlen\Documents\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\obj\Debug\XSockets.Geo.dll
C:\Users\pfahlen\Documents\XSockets.Geo\XSockets.Geo\obj\Debug\XSockets.Geo.pdb
